# Teaching and Visualization Lab Presentation Template

1.	Use the provided template that displays the resolutions as a guide for where to place your content.2.	Each section of uniform color (either blue or yellow) represents one of the five screens that are available to place content on in the Teaching and Visualization Lab.3.	 For this “walking” presentation, an image is placed in the desired position and the rest of the screen displays a black background. In this way, as the slides progress, the effect is that the images appear to “walk” forward from one side of the screen to the other.4.	The resolutions for each screen are listed in the template image.5.	You will notice that the center screen has a smaller vertical resolution than the rest. This is because the screen in the center has a viewing space directly under it that reduces the viewable space of the projector. NO modifications are necessary to properly use this space. Simply add content in the same way that you would do so for the other parts of your presentation.6.	Your image should have AT MINIMUM the resolution that is specified by the resolution template.    1.	If your image is lower resolution than specified, it will appear distorted, fuzzy, and/or disproportionate when displayed on the Teaching and Vis. screens.    2.	For optimal results, images with a resolution that are greater than that of the screen will appear to have the most clarity and, in general, be more attractive.  7.	For optimal viewing, you may want to use an image that has a black background or border or a PNG image with a transparent background for this space (which would necessitate first deleting the example image).8.	As always, if you would like to use a simple slide presentation, you may delete the white example image and insert a text box.    1.	Ensure that the text box (and any additional content) fits only within the space that was previously occupied by the example image.    2.	Keep in mind that this is a large space and the example image is included only to show you the limitations of the space available. You may have further options depending on your own creative expertise.9.	**All previously stated rules about image resolution will apply no matter how you decide to size your image. If the resolution of the image is smaller than the resolution of the space your image occupies, it will appear grainy.**
10. Slide transitions behave unpredictably and should not be used in presentations for this space. Slide animations, however, are appropriate.
