# Teaching and Visualization Lab: Template 2 Notes

TV_template_modified.pptx is black with blue lines.

TandV_Template_2.pptx has white rectangles.

1.	The purpose of this template is to create a presentation that uses the entire real estate of the Teaching and Visualization lab all at once.2.	Each of the sample images you see here occupy a space that you will want to place your slide in.3.	This template has been tested in the Teaching and Visualization lab to ensure that the space that the example images are occupying is the optimal space and that no overlapping of screens occurs from the size of these images.    1.	If you would like to insert images, text, videos, etc, you should only occupy the space that the example image is in.4.	If you would like to use a picture, simply drag the picture that you want over the example image (the white box) and size it accordingly.    1.	Notice, the image that you will see at the top of all of the following slides displays the resolutions of the various screens in the teaching and visualization lab.    2.	In order for your images to look attractive on the T&V screens, you will need to have an image that is AT LEAST the same resolution as the space that the image will be occupying.    3.	Higher resolution images will look better.5.	If you would like to insert bulleted points, you should create a text box in the space that the sample images are occupying.    1.	Depending on how you want your presentation to look, you may want to change the color of the example images or delete them all together (just ensure that you remain within the correct boundaries if you decide to delete the example images).6.	If you would like to have any portion of the screen blank while bringing attention to another portion of the screen, you should delete any content on the portion of the screen that you would like to have blank and leave the simple black background.    1.	This is the easiest way to bring the audience’s focus a particular part of the screen.7. Slide transitions behave unpredictably and should not be used in presentations for this space. Slide animations, however, are appropriate.**This template is no rights reserved for patrons of the NCSU Hunt Library to develop content for the Teaching and Visualization Lab.
